Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
I've never seen you sick.
My friend's outside. She dances here.
We'll show Ms. J.Lo what you have.
Darling. your body is better now.
This is one of the smaller dresses
I've worn.
Is she gonna be able to sit in that dress?
I'll miss it.
They just don't want to give that shit up.
They're saying 18 cages on the field.
Being Latino in this country
has always been a matter of pride for me.
My family means a lot to me.
And representing Latinos to the world.
I know that's something that I do.
Something that God has blessed me to do.
There are many Latinos in this country.
and they are not being treated well.
and that's why this show is so important.
And you are all a big part of that.
One nation under God. indivisible
with liberty and justice for all.